CU-868a970bd Add message expiration state jobs (#26)
bro-garden/privy: app/integrations/discord/status_notices/README.md

# Status Notices

Status notices are messages sent to Discord channels to indicate the state of a Privy message.

## Overview

> Status notices are DiscordEngine::Message instances that contain the content and components to be sent to Discord channels when a message's status changes. Each notice type (Available, Expired, etc.) builds a specific DiscordEngine::Message with the appropriate content and components to replace the original message in the channel.

Reviewer: Factory pattern :) :)

```suggestion
Status notices can be tought of as factories that produce DiscordEngine::Message instances which contain the content and components to be sent to Discord channels when a message's status changes. Each notice type (Available, Expired, etc.) builds a specific DiscordEngine::Message with the appropriate content and components to replace the original message in the channel.
```

Author: Done!

These notices help maintain privacy by replacing sensitive content and provide clear feedback about the message's current state to users.

## Types of Notices

### Available Notice

- Used when a message needs to be hidden after its revelation time
- Replaces the original message content with a "Message Hidden" notice

### Expired Notice

- Used when a message has been read and should be expired
- Replaces the original message with an "Expired" notice

> 

Reviewer: There are more status notices, right?

Author: Yeah, right now we have 6, added to README
